aren't you having enough from living the
way you're living right now from the
life you're having right now how much
more do you need to hate yourself in
order to finally change something how
much more do you need to hate your life
like literally what's wrong with you you
must be so fed up already to see people
around you on social media everyone is
somehow getting where you want to get
and you still sit here and do nothing hi
guys welcome to my channel my name is
Mika and this video today is going to be
about your fullest potential after this
video I want you to finally get out of
the rat that you're in right now
and make the most out of your life let's
get into this you are brought into this
world in order to wake up otherwise you
wouldn't watch this video right now to
wake up I mean you are meant to wake up
to your fullest potential you are meant
to live the life of your fullest
potential nothing less nothing less and
I don't know where you are in life at
the moment maybe you're a
housewife you're
unemployed maybe you're just working in
a normal 9 to5 job but obviously you are
not fulfilled you are feeling like there
could be more there is something missing
you are obviously not where you want to
be and don't tell me right now you don't
want to have more money you don't want
to have these bags you don't want to go
on an expensive holiday you don't want
to be independent and earn money by
yourself and not depending on anyone on
this world don't tell me that and stop
be okay with a mediocre life stop it you
want to live in your dream place you
want to live with your dream partner you
want to
live in your dream body you want to have
a million dollar every month in your
bank account and that's fine whatever it
is it's all fine these are your dreams
and your dreams show up for you
especially for you and only for you
because they are meant to be achieved by
you
and how you will feel fulfilled is very
different maybe from how I will feel
fulfilled or from how your bestie will
feel fulfilled or how your parents would
feel
fulfilled that's a complete different
path of life you have to find yours and
you cannot compare yourself to others
you are on a different path of life it's
like a highway we are all on our lane
and maybe there are people further
already than you or you see it as
further
but to be honest you exactly where
you're supposed to be and maybe it was
not yet your time to wake up and to
understand that you want more from life
but with seeing this video it's time you
cannot tell me you don't want these nice
bags you don't want $1 million in your
bank account you don't want this
expensive holiday you don't want this
perfect partner that ticks all your
boxes it's not about others this is
about you and your life only it's time
to wake up you are not meant to sleep
all your life you are meant to live to
your fullest potential I want you to
finally stop being okay with your
mediocre life you're meant for so much
more and do you know why I know that
because you are watching this video
because you are seeing things in your
life in the world that makes you dream
of more that's why I know you are meant
for so much more than what you are doing
and where you're being right now honey
why do you think you see all these
things why do you think you see all
these people getting where you want to
be it's because it's already there for
you you see it it's in your reality
because it's already there for you you
just just need to work for it what's the
only difference between those people who
made it already and you tell me what's
the difference the difference is they
did the work and you don't while you are
sitting at home watching TV series or
getting drunk with your friends they
were putting in the work they were
working on their mindset and they were
working on how to get where they want to
be you are here to create it and you
recreate it on a daily basis by your
daily habits and choices so please stop
being so pathetic and blaming it on any
of your circumstances because you are
responsible for that you are not where
you want to be because you are sleeping
24/7 you are not doing what they did
instead you're accepting your normal
life you are accep
your normal life as it is and you are
trying to distract yourself from your
Misery by watching TV by scrolling
through social media by getting drunk
with your friends or doing all these
other unnecessary things that don't
bring you anywhere but further than
where you want to be B it's time to wake
up and finally lock in and get your
dreams I'm so emotional about this topic
because there is nothing else I hate
more than seeing people not living to
their fullest potential and accepting
where they are yes there are some people
on this Earth who are not meant to wake
up maybe never or in this lifetime or
whatever but you are honey you are
otherwise again you wouldn't watch this
video otherwise you wouldn't even have
bigger dreams you dream of more because
it's already there for you like
seriously how much more time do you want
to waste until you finally get your ass
up how much more time do you want to
waste on living a life that's almost
there your salary not bad your partner
not bad your body almost there just stop
it why not
more money than you could ever imagine
why not a partner that takes all of the
boxes why not this perfect body that you
ever dreamed of that would make you feel
so good not bad or almost there is
nothing else than nothing is enough it's
nothing else
than trying to sugar coat how bad it
actually is and and serious L why not
perfect why not better than you could
ever imagine if anything in this world
was possible would you really stay where
you are right now and just a little hint
honey anything in this world is possible
everything in this world is possible you
just need to get your ass up just forget
once about everything your parents or
other people around you might saying
maybe they are saying things like you
can't do it because you're not good
enough or you can't do it because you're
a woman or it's delusional to have a
partner like you want it or it's
impossible it's even unrealistic to earn
$1 million a month all of these people
they all haven't made it they all are
not there where you want to be so why
would you even listen to someone who has
not made it why would you listen to
someone who is not where you want to be
get advice from someone who is already
there instead honestly just screw them
all you don't need any of those limited
mindsets you don't need any advises that
are not helping you to get you where you
want so again screw them all and just do
it anyways and then prove them wrong I
know this video is a bit different than
the others I'm not giving you a
stepbystep guide I'm not telling you
exactly what to do I'm just telling you
get your ass up and stop being okay with
your misery and listen honey I want you
to see what you're capable of I want you
to understand why things appearing in
your life and understand that this is
all here for you I want you to take your
part power and get things done get the
work done that is needed in order for
you to get where you want to be because
honey you are put on this Earth to
create something everyone is put on this
Earth to create something and you
recreate your life every day on a daily
basis on a actually every minute every
hour with your choices so I want you to
be wise with your choices Choose Wisely
with what you do with your time and you
can only Choose Wisely with what you do
with your time if you know where you
want to be I want you not to now drown
in self misery in self-pity I want you
to understand you also need to get your
ass up and get things done get the work
in read books do your mindset work do
meditation do whatever is necessary and
if you you don't what know what's
necessary then you will find out but
believe me deep down deep inside you
know exactly what your purpose but maybe
now it's too loud the noise outside the
noise from your thoughts them the noise
from others is too loud so you cannot
hear it and that's completely okay
that's fine you don't need to exactly
know what's your purpose you need to
only know you don't want to live the way
you're living right now and you right
now feel that there is no purpose so you
know this life right now is not your
purpose you are meant to live a
different life that's it and from there
on you work from there on you go out and
get your things done we all are not
going to be on this Earth one day and it
would be such a pity if all your life
you are trying to convince yourself that
things are okay for you that are not and
you miss to fulfill your dreams you
missed to live to your fullest potential
what really what is holding you I don't
understand sometimes what is really
holding you it's just your mind and
that's why you need to get your mind in
check first because always remember
nothing is the truth truth unless what
your mind accepts as the truth so be
careful about what your mind is
accepting as truth be careful with your
thoughts and then get up and do it why
do you think I'm sitting here and do
this video I'm doing it because I want
to live to my fullest potential I'm not
sitting here and do this video in order
to live a life I hate in order to live a
normal life no I'm doing this and it's
uncomfortable for me but I'm doing this
because first of all I want to live to
my fullest potential and I feel it I
know it this is my purpose and second of
all I want to help you guys to do the
same because I've been there and I know
how miserable it feels to wake up and
not know what to do with its own life
it's the worst thing ever when you wake
up and you're not full of energy excited
for the day so I am here to share my
story in order to help you I want to
fulfill my dreams and I'm doing it if
you like it or you don't I don't care
I'm doing this for myself yes I want to
help you but there are people who cannot
be helped who don't want to be helped at
the end of the today I'm doing this for
myself I'm waking up I'm standing up for
myself I'm not sitting on the sofa I'm
not sitting in a bar drunk no I'm
getting my ass up every morning thinking
about what I can create new what can
help for others I'm reading books I'm
doing all this work because I want to
live to my fullest potential and I'm
going to live to my fullest potential
I'm already doing it I'm already feeling
so much more fulfilled than I ever did
and you see this video because that's
here for you too with that said I want
to end this video honey please don't
take it super personal take it personal
but in a good way please don't drown in
self-pity I know I have done that a lot
of times after I've watched YouTube
videos see is motivation to finally move
on and move forward and do things thank
you so much for watching and I see you
in my next video I love you so much
bye-bye